README.md, before:

# RDS Python Examples
## WARNING: THIS PROJECT IS IN EARLY DEVELOPMENT STAGE. CONTENT OR CODE SHOULD ONLY BE USED FOR TESTING OR EVALUATION PURPOSES.
[RDS](https://www.richdataservices.com/) is an API suite by [Metadata Technology North America](https://www.mtna.us/) that provides a selection of services for managing, transforming, profiling, validating, and ingesting your data. RDS aims at removing the complications of data and providing you with ease of access to everything the data can be.

**Rds Python Examples** is the python repository for examples that demonstrate how Python and RDS can work together. These examples showcase useful or interesting features of RDS and show how it can be useful in various circumstances.

## Overview
This repository may contain python, Jupyter notebook, and markdown files. Any of these can be run by cloning the repositoy and installing the appropriate software and python packages. All of these examples require that python 3.5 or higher has been installed along with any prerequisite python packages. Jupyter notebook examples require that you have either Jupyter Notebook or JupyterLab installed.

## Examples
- [Covid-19 Notebook](https://github.com/mtna/rds-python-examples/blob/master/notebook/covid_19.ipynb): Uses Ohio Covid-19 case data to demonstrate the ease of use of RDS and how it simplifies the process of retrieving data for the purposes of charting/graphing it. [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/mtna/rds-python-examples/master?urlpath=notebooks%2Fnotebook%2Fcovid_19.ipynb)

Commit message:

fix(master): fixed readme
fixed covid-19 binder badge to go to renamed covid-notebook.
added binder badge for mobility-notebook

README.md, after:

# RDS Python Examples
## WARNING: THIS PROJECT IS IN EARLY DEVELOPMENT STAGE. CONTENT OR CODE SHOULD ONLY BE USED FOR TESTING OR EVALUATION PURPOSES.
[RDS](https://www.richdataservices.com/) is an API suite by [Metadata Technology North America](https://www.mtna.us/) that provides a selection of services for managing, transforming, profiling, validating, and ingesting your data. RDS aims at removing the complications of data and providing you with ease of access to everything the data can be.

**Rds Python Examples** is the python repository for examples that demonstrate how Python and RDS can work together. These examples showcase useful or interesting features of RDS and show how it can be useful in various circumstances.

## Overview
This repository may contain python, Jupyter notebook, and markdown files. Any of these can be run by cloning the repositoy and installing the appropriate software and python packages. All of these examples require that python 3.5 or higher has been installed along with any prerequisite python packages. Jupyter notebook examples require that you have either Jupyter Notebook or JupyterLab installed.

## Examples
- [Covid-19 Notebook](https://github.com/mtna/rds-python-examples/blob/master/covid_notebook/covid_19.ipynb): Uses Ohio Covid-19 case data to demonstrate the ease of use of RDS and how it simplifies the process of retrieving data for the purposes of charting/graphing it. [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/mtna/rds-python-examples/master?urlpath=notebooks%2Fcovid_notebook%2Fcovid_19.ipynb)
- [Google Mobility Notebook](https://github.com/mtna/rds-python-examples/blob/master/mobility_notebook/mobility.ipynb): Provides an interactive display of the Google Mobility data by utilizing RDS to dynamically retrieve data. [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/mtna/rds-python-examples/master?urlpath=notebooks%2Fmobility_notebook%2Fmobility.ipynb)
